Update troubleshoot-high-cpu-usage-issues.md (#1666)
MicrosoftDocs/SupportArticles-docs: support/sql/database-engine/performance/troubleshoot-high-cpu-usage-issues.md

If `% User Time` is consistently greater than 90 percent (% User Time is the sum of processor time on each processor, its maximum value is 100% * (no of CPUs)), the SQL Server process is causing high CPU usage. However, if `% Privileged time` is consistently greater than 90 percent, your antivirus software, other drivers, or another OS component on the computer is contributing to high CPU usage. You should work with your system administrator to analyze the root cause of this behavior.

- Performance Dashboard: In SQL Server Management Studio Right Click on your connection associated with SQL Server Instance ---> Reports ----> Standard Reports---> Performance Dashboard

> The dashboard will illustrate a graph titled "System CPU Utiliztion" with a bar chart , "blue" color indicates SQL Server engine CPU utilization while "orange" represents other operating system processes. Click on Refresh (F5) to see updated data displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard will illustrate a graph titled "System CPU Utilization" with a bar chart. The darker color indicates SQL Server engine CPU utilization while the lighter color represents overall operating system CPU utilization (see legend on the graph for reference). Click on the circular Refresh (F5) button to see updated utilization.
```
